intro.md, before:

# Nahj al-balagha

http://ali121.com/%D8%AF%D8%A7%D9%86%D9%84%D9%88%D8%AF/%D8%B4%D8%B1%D8%AD_%D8%B5%D9%88%D8%AA%DB%8C_%D9%85%D9%82%D8%AF%D9%85%D9%87_%D9%86%D9%87%D8%AC%E2%80%8C%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A8%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%BA%D9%87.mp3

What is Nahj al-balagha in its essence? It's speeches of a man who is heavenly and sage (very wise).

Problems exists either due to stupidity or impurity (foulness).

For solving issues we face only Nahj al-balagha has ample examples and solutions.

If Nahj al-balagha was implemented in the society, people would expect clergymen to solve problems and monitor authorities, not to give them excuses.

- Problems are like spider webs. But these clergymen are weak.
- Clergymen should not be influenced by money.
- Authorities should not have multiple roles; if you ask them to solve issues they realize that they cannot have multiple jobs.
- Do not talk to Imam Ali like you talk to a dictator. If it is hard to hear the truth then acting upon it and following would be even harder.
- You should support those politicians and authorities that act based on Imam Ali's letter to the Malek ashtar.
- No poverty if Nahj al-balagha was the book of life, Imam's responsibility is to teach people and bring them out of darkness
- Do not worry about those who have chivalry since Allah's hand is in their hand, it will not let them to fall.
- In riot be like a camel's child, do not let them to take advantage of you.
- Do not give authorities holiness, look at what's their actions and how productive they are.
- Know the weaknesses of your enemies and take advantage of it.
- Imam Ali is my role model.
- Objective is not believing in Islam, but rather it is getting to the Allah.
- Some are really happy with the shell of Islam and they do not care about lives and how the decisions are made and by who for what reason, or how weak is getting family bonds or the marriages that we have in our society.
- What separated Imam Ali from the society is Islam's shell. People care more about Salah and fastening.
- You should try to see the world through Nahj al-balagha.
- Each part of Nahj al-balagha tries to solve a specific issue.
- Allah's name are solution, and chants.

Commit message:

chore: make some justifications + adding more and book's cover

intro.md, after:

# Nahj al-balagha

[First session -- It is in Persian](http://ali121.com/%D8%AF%D8%A7%D9%86%D9%84%D9%88%D8%AF/%D8%B4%D8%B1%D8%AD_%D8%B5%D9%88%D8%AA%DB%8C_%D9%85%D9%82%D8%AF%D9%85%D9%87_%D9%86%D9%87%D8%AC%E2%80%8C%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A8%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%BA%D9%87.mp3). Contact me if you need help with translation.

What is Nahj al-balagha in its essence? It's speeches of a man who is heavenly and sage (very wise).

Problems exists either due to stupidity or impurity (foulness).

For solving issues we face only Nahj al-balagha has ample examples and solutions.

If Nahj al-balagha was implemented in the society, people would expect clergymen to solve problems and monitor authorities, not to give them excuses.

- Problems are like spider webs. But these clergymen are weak.
- Clergymen should not be influenced by money or tyrants.
- Authorities should not have multiple roles.

  If you ask them to solve issues they feels ashamed and realize that they cannot have multiple jobs.

  Some people thinks that people with multiple job are so talented, but rather they have not been asked/requested to solve issues.

- Do not talk to Imam Ali like you talk to a dictator.

  If it is hard to hear the truth then acting upon it and following would be even harder.

  Even Imam Ali says I am not error-free, **unless Allah help me**. Thus we should approach him and tell him about our just opinions.

- You should support those politicians and authorities that act based on Imam Ali's letter to the Malik al-Ashtar (letter 53# in Nahj Al-balagha).
- In Imam Ali's eye people who are being suppressed are people worthy of respect and those who acted tyrannical are weak in Imam's perspective. He will bring justice.
- If Nahj al-balagha was the book of life there would not be no poverty, Imam's responsibility is to teach people and bring them out of darkness
- Do not worry about those who have chivalry since Allah's hand is in their hand, it will not let them to fall.
- In riot be like a camel's child, do not let them to take advantage of you.
- Do not give authorities holiness, look at what's their actions and how productive they are.
- Someone asked Imam Ali how did you won countless battles against stronger people? He replied I used their weaknesses and take advantage of it.
- Imam Ali should be our role model.
- Objective is not believing in Islam, but rather it is getting close to the Allah.
- There are things beyond what our senses can sense, once Imam Ali heard someones crying and asked prophet who is crying, he told him he is devil who got disappointed now since nobody is gonna pray him anymore.
- Some are really happy with the shell of Islam and they do not care about lives and how the decisions are made and by who for what reason, or how weak is getting family bonds or the marriages that we have in our society.
- What separated Imam Ali from the society is **Islam's shell**. People care more about Salah and fastening. People say they are Muslim but they've left Imam's guidance.
- You should try to see the world through Nahj al-balagha.
- Each part of Nahj al-balagha tries to solve a specific issue.
- Allah's name are solution, and chants.
